From the quizzes, you've now been introduced to two types of errors.
Type one and type two errors.
Correctly setting up the null and alternative hypotheses
is important for exactly this reason.
They define the importance of the errors that we're making.
In the previous example,
a type one error is one where we decided that an individual is guilty,
but they're actually innocent.
The definition of a type one error is
an error where the alternative hypothesis is chosen,
but the null hypothesis is actually true.
You might also hear this called,
a false-positive, and it is frequently denoted with a symbol alpha.
Type one errors are considered the worse of the two possible errors.
The other type of error that might occur,
is that we might set a guilty individual free.
This is a type two error.
By definition, a type two error is when the null hypothesis is chosen,
and the alternative is actually true.
What we can see in this example is that there are two potential extremes.
The jury might decide that they never want to commit a type one error, in which case,
regardless of the evidence,
they just always set everyone as innocent,
and then they're going to commit many more type two errors.
Alternatively, if the jury just decided that everyone was guilty,
then they would never commit a type two error,
but they would commit many more type one errors.
Because of this relationship between type one and type two errors,
professionals frequently just set
a threshold for how many type one errors they're willing to commit.
And then, they try to keep the type two errors
as low as possible while still meeting this threshold.
Common type one error rates are one percent from medical field,
while they're five percent for research journals and other business applications.
But really, this rate should be contingent on your application.
In the next concept,
you will see one application where
neither five percent nor a one percent error rate makes very much sense.